# ModifiedToy-Car
This project will highlight some features of a smart car. A switch is used at the input to connect and disconnect it. It is implemented in such a way that the car takes 3 analog inputs, all from ultra-sonic sensors which are employed at the front, left and right sides of the car. These signals are utilized for object detection. Whenever an object is sensed in the car’s track, the car stops activates the sensors at the right and left sides. Input is then from those sensors to make a decision based upon which side has no object in the specified range of 31 cm. The project will further be modified by sending a high to low pulse to the LED lights indicating the presence and absence of an object in the course the car. Moreover, the distance recorded on the sensor connected at the front is displayed on an LCD that is powered by the microcontroller in the circuit. 
To operate the motors at various velocities, an H-bridge motor driver is used. It proves to be a multipurpose tool in the circuit, as it is responsible for 
•	Controlling the speed of the car
•	Controlling the direction of rotation of the tyres (clockwise or anticlockwise)
•	Controlling the direction of movement of the car (left or right)
Another modification that was made was the decision that the car makes when it is blocked by all three (front, left and right) sides due to the presence of objects. It polls another switch which is a part of the circuit and determines whether it is supposed to stay in the same position, unless an object from either of the sides is removed or move in the reverse direction. 
